Fix a sample config of the dynamic configuration (#5546)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/configuration-cookbook.md

- Lastly, we call the `setup` job defined above as a part of our `workflow`

Note: You can only use one workflow per `config.yml` when using CircleCI's dynamic configuration feature

> Note: You can't call CircleCI's dynamic configuration feature several times in the same pipeline. It means you can't make the another workflow with `setup: true` by the CircleCI's dynamic configuration feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: You are unable to call CircleCI's dynamic configuration feature several times in the same pipeline. This means that you cannot make the another workflow with `setup: true` by the CircleCI's dynamic configuration feature.
```

Reviewer 2: > This means that you cannot make the another workflow with `setup: true` by the CircleCI's dynamic configuration feature.

Is still unclear to me.
maybe ...

This means that you cannot make a second workflow with `setup: true` within the same `.circleci/config.yml` file.

> Note: You can't call CircleCI's dynamic configuration feature several times in the same pipeline. It means you can't make the another workflow with `setup: true` by the CircleCI's dynamic configuration feature.

Reviewer 3: Throwing my own suggestion in:

```suggestion
You can only run a single workflow as part of the pipeline's setup stage. This setup-workflow has access to a one-time-use token to create more workflows. The setup process does not cascade, so subsequent workflows in the pipeline cannot launch their own continuations.
```
